Druva event collector (#34492)
demisto/content: Packs/Druva/Integrations/DruvaEventCollector/README.md

This is the Druva event collector integration for Cortex XSIAM.

> This integration was integrated and tested with version xx of DruvaEventCollector.

Reviewer: `xx`

This is the Druva event collector integration for Cortex XSIAM.

> ## Configure Druva Event Collector on Cortex XSOAR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configure Druva Event Collector on Cortex XSIAM
```

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Druva Event Collector.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- |
    | Server URL | True |
    | Client ID | True |
    | Secret Key | True |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  |
    | Use system proxy settings |  |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Commands

> You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSIAM CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
```

After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### druva-get-events

***

> Gets events from Druva API in one batch (max 500), if tracker is given, events will be returned from the point in time we want to fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets events from Druva API in one batch (max 500). If tracker is given, only its successive events will be fetched.
```

#### Base Command

`druva-get-events`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | should_push_events | Set this argument to true in order to create XSIAM events, otherwise the command will only display them. Possible values are: true, false. Default is false. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| should_push_events | Set this argument to true in order to create Cortex XSIAM events, otherwise the command will only display them. Possible values are: true, false. Default is false. | Required | 
```
